---
layout: page
title: syllabus
description: Syllabus for BMI 826, Advanced data analysis
---

[BMI](https://biostat.wisc.edu) 826, Advanced data analysis <br/>
[University of Wisconsin-Madison](https://wisc.edu) <br/>
(3 credits)

**Course meetings**: Tu/Thu 11:00-12:15, [192 Babcock Hall](https://map.wisc.edu/s/ekyvbu0b)

**Instructor**: [Karl Broman](https://kbroman.org), 2126
[Genetics-Biotechnology Center](https://map.wisc.edu/s/2tie3nen)

**Office hours**: Tu 9:30-10:30, Fr 11-12, or by appointment

[_Description to be added._]


### Learning outcomes

- Learning outcomes to be added.




### Course grade

Course grade will be based on 4 homework assignments, weighted equally.



### Religious observances or other absences

If you need to miss class for religious observances, or any other
reason, please let the instructor know in advance, or as soon as is
feasible, so that we can try to make some accommodation.

### Academic integrity

By virtue of enrollment, each student agrees to uphold the high
academic standards of the University of Wisconsin-Madison; academic
misconduct is behavior that negatively impacts the integrity of the
institution. Cheating, fabrication, plagiarism, unauthorized
collaboration, and helping others commit these previously listed acts
are examples of misconduct which may result in disciplinary action.
Examples of disciplinary action include, but is not limited to,
failure on the assignment/course, written reprimand, disciplinary
probation, suspension, or expulsion.

### Accommodations for students with disabilities

The University of Wisconsin-Madison supports the right of all enrolled
students to a full and equal educational opportunity. The Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA), Wisconsin State Statute (36.12), and
UW-Madison policy (Faculty Document 1071) require that students with
disabilities be reasonably accommodated in instruction and campus
life. Reasonable accommodations for students with disabilities is a
shared faculty and student responsibility. Students are expected to
inform the instructor of their need for instructional accommodations
by the end of the third week of the semester, or as soon as possible
after a disability has been incurred or recognized. The instructor
will work either directly with the student or in coordination with the
[McBurney Center](https://mcburney.wisc.edu) to identify and provide
reasonable instructional accommodations. Disability information,
including instructional accommodations as part of a student's
educational record, is confidential and protected under FERPA.

### Diversity and inclusion

Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for
UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the
profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status,
abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit
ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research,
outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.

The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by
creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every
background â€“ people who as students, faculty, and staff serve
Wisconsin and the world. <https://diversity.wisc.edu>
